SOLUTION:
    This problem is about finding the longest alternating subsequence from a list of words based on a corresponding binary group indicator.
    An alternating subsequence means that for every two consecutive words in the selected subsequence, the associated group values must differ (i.e., 0 and 1 must alternate).
    The goal is to maximize the length of such a subsequence.

1)  Core Idea: Two-Pass Simulation (Start from Group 0 and Group 1 Separately)
    We cannot randomly select alternating indices; we must simulate the selection to find the longest possible valid sequence.
    Since alternating sequences can start with either group 0 or 1, we attempt both:
        One sequence assuming it starts with group 0
        One sequence assuming it starts with group 1
    For both cases, we iterate through the array and pick elements only if their group matches what is expected next (expect). After selecting a word, the expectation flips (from 0 to 1 or 1 to 0), ensuring alternation.

2)  Step-by-Step Algorithm:
    Step 1: Initialize Two Sequences
        Create two empty lists:
        One for the sequence starting with group 0
        One for the sequence starting with group 1
        Also define two variables to track the expected group for each sequence (expect0 = 0, expect1 = 1)

    Step 2: Loop Through the Array
        For each index i in the input:
        If groups[i] matches expect0, append words[i] to the first sequence and flip expect0
        Similarly, if groups[i] matches expect1, append words[i] to the second sequence and flip expect1

    Step 3: Return the Longer Sequence
        After traversing the entire array, compare the lengths of the two sequences.
        Return the longer one. If equal, return either — both are valid.

3)  Why This Works?
    This method works because it greedily builds the longest valid alternating sequence from left to right, trying both possible starting values. Since the input size is small (n <= 100), checking both paths is efficient and covers all cases.

TIME-COMPLEXITY: O(n) - We traverse the list once while building both sequences in a single pass.
SPACE-COMPLEXITY: O(n) - In the worst case, the result may include all elements from the input array.